AdvancedOpponentStats Explained
Rk -- Rank
School -- * = NCAA Tournament appearance
Overall
G -- Games
W -- Wins
L -- Losses
W-L% -- Win-Loss percentage
SRS -- Simple Rating System
A rating that takes into account average point differential and strength of schedule. The rating is denominated in points above/below average, where zero is average. Non-Division I games are excluded from the ratings.
SOS -- Strength of Schedule
A rating of strength of schedule. The rating is denominated in points above/below average, where zero is average. Non-Division I games are excluded from the ratings.
Conf.
W -- Conference Wins
L -- Conference Losses
Home
W -- Wins
L -- Losses
Away
W -- Wins
L -- Losses
Points
Tm. -- Points
Opp. -- Opponent Points
Opponent Advanced
Pace -- Pace Factor
An estimate of school possessions per 40 minutes.
ORtg -- Offensive Rating
An estimate of points scored (for teams) or points produced (for players) per 100 possessions.
FTr -- Free Throw Attempt Rate
Number of FT Attempts Per FG Attempt
3PAr -- 3-Point Attempt Rate
Percentage of FG Attempts from 3-Point Range
TS% -- True Shooting Percentage
A measure of shooting efficiency that takes into account 2-point field goals, 3-point field goals, and free throws.
TRB% -- Total Rebound Percentage
An estimate of the percentage of available rebounds a player grabbed while he was on the floor.
AST% -- Assist Percentage
An estimate of the percentage of teammate field goals a player assisted while he was on the floor.
STL% -- Steal Percentage
An estimate of the percentage of opponent possessions that end with a steal by the player while he was on the floor.
BLK% -- Block Percentage
An estimate of the percentage of opponent two-point field goal attempts blocked by the player while he was on the floor.
eFG% -- Opponent Effective Field Goal Percentage
TOV% -- Opponent Turnover Percentage
ORB% -- Opponent Offensive Rebound Percentage
FT/FGA -- Opponent Free Throws Per Field Goal Attempt
An estimate of the percentage of teammate field goals a player assisted while he was on the floor.
STL% -- Steal Percentage
An estimate of the percentage of opponent possessions that end with a steal by the player while he was on the floor.
BLK% -- Block Percentage
An estimate of the percentage of opponent two-point field goal attempts blocked by the player while he was on the floor.
eFG% -- Effective Field Goal Percentage; this statistic adjusts for the fact that a 3-point field goal is worth one more point than a 2-point field goal.
TOV% -- Turnover Percentage; an estimate of turnovers per 100 plays.
ORB% -- Offensive Rebound Percentage; an estimate of the percentage of available offensive rebounds a player grabbed while he was on the floor.
FT/FGA -- Free Throws Per Field Goal Attempt
